Now that we're able to process the name of the person that's going to pay, what we want to do next
is we want to set ourselves up to be able to pay and also to handle Arab states as well as clear the
cart now.
First off, I want to create some more space between this name input and the actual credit card input,
because I feel like they're too close together.
And by doing that, a bit more breathability here, don't you think, now?
Next stop, what we're going to want to do is we're going to want to add two buttons.
We're going to add a pay button.
And we're going to add a clear button.
And yes, that these buttons, they're going to come from the styles file, pay button, clear button.
So what we want to do with these buttons is basically we want to enable ourselves to render out the
proper kind of interaction for the user.
So let's do export consed pay button and we'll do that equal to a style of type of button.
Now that button, of course, coming from Riak need of paper is going to be the button we'll be using.
And what we're going to do with that button is we're going to set the attributes ahead of time.
So some props and what we're going to set is we're going to set the color to colors, the brand thought
primary.
And then we're going to set some particular styles on it, what we're going to set first is we're going
to set the width to 80 percent, right?
And so by doing that, where you can see here is, well, first of all, isn't defined here, so let's
go ahead and import colors from and then let's say dot, dot, dot, dot, dot, dot, dot, slash infrastructure
theme colors.
There we go.
And if we go over here to check out and we added something to check out, oops, the clear button hasn't
been defined.
So let's go ahead and take that, let's say clear button over here.
And for the clear button, we might want to use colors, dot ui dot error, because we want it to be
a little bit less flashy.
So if we add to the special over here and we went to our checkout screen, well, we're missing something
nothing is showing right now.
Well, of course not, because we're not really rendering anything.
What we want to say here is clear cut and then we want to see clear button.
And over here, we want to say pay now.
Or rather pay and let's say pay button, and if we do that and clear.
OK, great.
So now we can do something along the lines of what we've done so far, which is we'll set mode equal
to contained on them.
And you could do this on the attributes as well.
I just prefer to do it right here.
It really doesn't matter.
So you can see over here is that the pay button in the clear button are on the screen now.
Now we want them to align a bit more.
So how are we going to do that?
Well, first of all, let's do a line self center on both of these.
Right.
And so they'll center themselves.
And then next up, what we need to do is we need to give them a little bit of padding.
So let's take this margin and let's do padding instead.
And then let's add the same padding over here.
Now, three is a bit big, so maybe we should go with something a little less on the nose, maybe a
two.
Two feels a little bit more spacious looks that looks pretty good to me now if we add Moe here, they're
a bit close to the input as well.
It's a bit it's a bit much.
So what we can do is we can we can just add, you know, a couple of spacers here.
Right.
If we do this still a bit close, that's a bit better.
Maybe a little more.
There we go.
That feels good.
So maybe we should add a new type of spacer extra extra large, maybe.
Well, if we go into space or we can kind of see what we need to do in order to achieve that.
And so for us to be able to achieve a different type of spacer, what we can do is we can say extra
large is for an extra extra large as five.
And by doing that now, we've created the proper amount of space between the buttons and the input.
But we still need some space between these two buttons.
Now, maybe not an extra extra large, but maybe just a regular large.
And doesn't that look good?
Now, you could go ahead and wrap this around the clear button again in order to allow yourself the
ability to see it when you are debugging the UI.
And so now that we have these buttons in place and we're able to pay and clear, well, what should
the clear button do and what should the button do?
Well, first of all, let's let's take it a step back.
Let's add some icons cities, because it would look nicer with icons.
Let's say icon is equal to Cache USD.
And over here in the clear button, let's say that the icon is equal to cart off.
There we go, that looks a bit better and then one more thing we need to do is we need to add the ability
of on press and so on press.
I want to clear the cart here so we'll we'll take an clear cart from the cart functions over here.
And on success, well, on press, I really don't have anything I can just do yet, right?
I can console vlog success, right.
Or I really don't have my payment right.
Or it's like P now is rather what it is.
So if I order the special right now, this is console logging, this clears the cart.
If I order again, clear the cart for order again and so forth and so forth.
So now we kind of have everything more or less set up to start building out, first of all, the press
for the payment function and also some light error handling if that comes into play here.
Now for the next portion, I'll be focusing on the payment flow first and then we'll come back to Aaron.